911 watch your burden see hi my
Internet's down I was worried you could
google um Kelly Clarkson and find out if
any music video for mr. know it all has
been released yet whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa did you call 911 do an internet
search for a music video ma'am there are
people being shot out there being held
at gunpoint kids being kidnapped people
being murdered are you insane I should
have two cops come to your house and
arrest you right now for doing a search
for whoa did you say Kelly Clarkson oh I
love Kelly Clarkson and the biggest
american idol fan in the world a moment
like this I don't know if the new music
really is out for mr. know it all yet I
hope it is because if it's not I'm gonna
go out of my mind I can't believe I call
911 and found another Kelly Clarkson fan
that's so for like five minutes because
if it stands for another minute I don't
know what I'm gonna do I mean I can't I
and my friends I can't email anybody I
can't go to Kelly Clarkson com if you
find mr. normal music video hesitantly
shit isn't happen are they gonna make it
oh yeah I'm going crazy too you know
what I really wasn't very wasn't very
upset about this before he called in but
now that you called will hold on
somebody's calling somebody's having a
heart attack and I need to take now
forget about I'll take that call later
listen I don't know whether or not music
video has been released yet I don't have
internet access here at the 911 call
center but I'm going what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to put an APB out for every
police officer in this city and i'm
going to have them find out whether or
not this music video has been released
and if it has been I'm going to let
every
no I want to call you and let you know
too in fact i'm going to put detectives
on this i'm going to take people off
murder cases i want to take people off
missing children cases so we can find
out if this music video has been
released yet and where we can watch it
because this is going to my life's
mission all right our man the person who
called in to now when one about the
heart attack just died anyways about
that kelly clarkson music video this is
going to be awesome